Document TLS setup for appliance (#129)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: howto/manage/setup-tls-for-appliance.md

> The Anbox Cloud Appliance uses the self-signed certificate to provide HTTPS services hence it is considered to be used for development or testing purposes in the majority of cases due to the security risks. In case you want to use it for production, you will need to generate a valid SSL certificate and install it to the Anbox Cloud Appliance.

Reviewer: Using a signed certificate also makes sense for development and testing, it's not limited to just production use cases. I wouldn't limit the scope here at all but reword this so it describes more from a perspective how to add it when needed not telling when it is needed.

[note type="information" status="Note"]This tutorial assumes you have Anbox Cloud Appliance installed. If you haven't, please follow the [instruction](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/install-the-anbox-cloud-appliance/22681) to do so.[/note]

## Add a DNS Record

Setting up DNS redirection depends on your DNS provider. Refer to the documentation of your provider to create a DNS record pointing to the IP/DNS of the AWS instance where the Anbox Cloud appliance is running on.

## Configure the location

Configure the location for the appliance using the created DNS name.

>     sudo snap set anbox-cloud-appliance experimental.location=<your DNS name>

Reviewer: We need to give a warning that this option is experimental and will be removed in the future when a better replacement exists.

## Generate an SSL certificate

> There are many ways to create a valid SSL certificate. It's recommended to use [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) to generate a free SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ways to create a valid SSL certificate. One way is to use [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) to generate a free SSL certificate.
```

First, connect and SSH into your appliance instance, and install the `certbot` snap:

    sudo snap install --classic certbot

> Before generating your certificate using `certbot`, you need to stop the traefik service from listening on port 80 for the certificate creation.

Reviewer: This will conflict with the renewal process and will prevent an automatic renewal unless we instruct the renewal process to include stop/start traefik.

Author: See `Renew an SSL certificate` below

It prompts you to enter the domain name for the certificate to be generated. You will see the following message when the certificate is created successfully.

```bash
Successfully received certificate.
Certificate is saved at: /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/fullchain.pem
Key is saved at:         /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/privkey.pem
This certificate expires on yyyy-MM-dd.
These files will be updated when the certificate renews.
Certbot has set up a scheduled task to automatically renew this certificate in the background.
```

## Install an SSL certificate

Copy the generated certificate to the `/var/snap/anbox-cloud-appliance/common/traefik/tls` directory

    sudo cp /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/fullchain.pem /var/snap/anbox-cloud-appliance/common/traefik/tls/cert.pem
    sudo cp /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/privkey.pem   /var/snap/anbox-cloud-appliance/common/traefik/tls/key.pem

Start the traefik service afterwards

    sudo snap start anbox-cloud-appliance.traefik

With the certificate installed on the appliance, you now can access it using the created domain name.

## Renew an SSL certificate

> The `certbot` snap packages installed on your machine already setup a systemd timer that will renew your certificate automatically before they expire. However in order to get the certificate renewed successfully for the appliance, you need to

Reviewer: We should warn the user that the automatic renewal will mean a short (random) downtime of his appliance (e.g. traefik wont be accessible)

> 1. Stop traefik service to release port 80 right before the certificate is going to be renewed. This can be done through the `pre-hook`:

Reviewer: Ah I should have read the PR till the end. Ignore my earlier comment then.

> The Anbox Cloud Appliance uses the self-signed certificate to provide HTTPS services. If you want to serve the appliance over HTTPS using a valid SSL/TLS certificate, this document will walk you through the steps in generating and installing a valid SSL/TLS certificate on Anbox Cloud Appliance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Anbox Cloud Appliance uses a self-signed certificate to provide HTTPS services. If you want to serve the appliance over HTTPS using a valid SSL/TLS certificate, follow the steps in this document to generate and install a valid SSL/TLS certificate on the Anbox Cloud Appliance.
```

(The reason for this change: The document will walk you through the steps no matter if you want to serve the appliance over HTTPS or not. :smile: )

Author: Ah, fair enough.

> [note type="information" status="Note"]This document assumes you have Anbox Cloud Appliance installed. If you haven't, please follow the [instruction](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/install-the-anbox-cloud-appliance/22681) to do so.[/note]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[note type="information" status="Note"]This document assumes you have the Anbox Cloud Appliance installed. If you haven't, follow the [instructions](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/install-the-anbox-cloud-appliance/22681) to do so.[/note]
```

(We shouldn't use "please" in the documentation.)

Author: Okay, will fix.

> ## Add a DNS Record

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Add a DNS record
```

> Setting up DNS redirection depends on your DNS provider. Refer to the documentation of your provider to create a DNS record pointing to the IP/DNS of the AWS instance where the Anbox Cloud appliance is running on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting up DNS redirection depends on your DNS provider. Refer to the documentation of your provider to create a DNS record pointing to the IP/DNS of the AWS instance where the Anbox Cloud Appliance is running.
```

## Configure the location

> Configure the location for the appliance using the created DNS name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure the location for the appliance using the created DNS name:
```

Author: (how can i use period over colon so often..:pensive:)

    sudo snap set anbox-cloud-appliance experimental.location=<your DNS name>

> [note type="information" status="Note"]This option is experimental and will be removed in the future release when a better replacement exists.[/note]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[note type="information" status="Note"]This option is experimental. It will be removed in a future release when a replacement exists.[/note]
```

## Generate an SSL certificate

There are many ways to create a valid SSL certificate. One way is to use [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) to generate a free SSL certificate.

First, connect and SSH into your appliance instance, and install the `certbot` snap:

    sudo snap install --classic certbot

> Before generating your certificate using `certbot`, you need to stop the traefik service from listening on port 80 for the certificate creation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before generating your certificate using `certbot`, stop the traefik service from listening on port 80 for the certificate creation:
```

    sudo snap stop anbox-cloud-appliance.traefik

Then run the following command to generate your certificate:

    sudo certbot certonly --standalone

> It prompts you to enter the domain name for the certificate to be generated. You will see the following message when the certificate is created successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command prompts you to enter the domain name for the certificate to be generated. You will see the following message when the certificate is created successfully:
```

```bash
Successfully received certificate.
Certificate is saved at: /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/fullchain.pem
Key is saved at:         /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/privkey.pem
This certificate expires on yyyy-MM-dd.
These files will be updated when the certificate renews.
Certbot has set up a scheduled task to automatically renew this certificate in the background.
```

> ## Install an SSL certificate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Install the SSL certificate
```

> Copy the generated certificate to the `/var/snap/anbox-cloud-appliance/common/traefik/tls` directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Copy the generated certificate to the `/var/snap/anbox-cloud-appliance/common/traefik/tls` directory:
```

    sudo cp /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/fullchain.pem /var/snap/anbox-cloud-appliance/common/traefik/tls/cert.pem
    sudo cp /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/privkey.pem   /var/snap/anbox-cloud-appliance/common/traefik/tls/key.pem

> Start the traefik service afterwards

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then start the traefik service:
```

    sudo snap start anbox-cloud-appliance.traefik

> With the certificate installed on the appliance, you now can access it using the created domain name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the certificate installed on the appliance, you now can access the appliance using the created domain name.
```

> ## Renew an SSL certificate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Renew the SSL certificate
```

> The `certbot` snap packages installed on your machine already setup a systemd timer that will renew your certificate automatically before they expire. However in order to get the certificate renewed successfully for the appliance, you need to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `certbot` snap packages installed on your machine already set up a systemd timer that will automatically renew your certificates before they expire. However, to get the certificate renewed successfully for the appliance, you must complete the following steps:
```

> 1. Stop traefik service to release port 80 right before the certificate is going to be renewed. This can be done through the `pre-hook`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Stop the traefik service to release port 80 right before the certificate is going to be renewed. This can be done through the `pre-hook`:
```

```bash
cat <<EOF | sudo tee /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/pre/001-stop-traefik.sh
#!/bin/bash
sudo snap stop anbox-cloud-appliance.traefik
EOF
sudo chmod +x /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/pre/001-stop-traefik.sh

> ```

Reviewer 2: This must be indented (with 3 spaces I think) to show up as part of the step.

Author: +1. will fix.

2. Install the certificate right after it has been renewed and start the traefik service through the `post-hook`:

```bash
cat <<EOF | sudo tee /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/post/001-start-traefik.sh
#!/bin/bash
sudo cp /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/fullchain.pem /var/snap/anbox-cloud-appliance/common/traefik/tls/cert.pem
sudo cp /etc/letsencrypt/live/<your domain name>/privkey.pem   /var/snap/anbox-cloud-appliance/common/traefik/tls/key.pem
sudo snap start anbox-cloud-appliance.traefik
EOF
sudo chmod +x /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/post/001-start-traefik.sh

> ```

Reviewer 2: Indent in the same way.

> In this way, the SSL certificate auto-renewal set in place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this way, the SSL certificate auto-renewal is in place.
```
Not sure if this is what you were trying to say?

> [note type="information" status="Note"]The appliance will face a short downtime in the renewal of the SSL certificate but will come back online once the process is completed.[/note]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[note type="information" status="Note"]The appliance will face a short downtime during the renewal of the SSL certificate but will come back online once the process is completed.[/note]
```
